OSDOCS-10014 OCP 4.13.38 RNs (#73569)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

Issued: 2024-03-27

{product-title} release 4.13.38, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:1454[RHSA-2024:1454] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:1456[RHSA-2024:1456] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.13.38 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-13-38-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, machine sets that ran on Microsoft Azure regions with no availability zone support always created `AvailabilitySets` objects for Spot instances. This operation caused Spot instances to fail because the instances did not support availability sets. Now, machine sets do not create `AvailabilitySets` objects for Spot instances that operate in non-zonal configured regions. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-29906[*OCPBUGS-29906*])

> * Previously, the `manila-csi-driver-controller-metrics` service had empty endpoints because an incorrect name for the app selector. With this release the app selector name is changed to `openstack-manila-csi` and the issue is fixed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-26224[*OCPBUGS-26224*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `manila-csi-driver-controller-metrics` service had empty endpoints caused by an incorrect name for the app selector. With this release the app selector name is changed to `openstack-manila-csi` and the issue is fixed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-26224[*OCPBUGS-26224*])
```

> * Previously, the `manila-csi-driver-controller-metrics` service had empty endpoints because an incorrect name for the app selector. With this release the app selector name is changed to `openstack-manila-csi` and the issue is fixed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-26224[*OCPBUGS-26224*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `manila-csi-driver-controller-metrics` service had empty endpoints because of an incorrect name for the app selector. With this release the app selector name is changed to `openstack-manila-csi` and the issue is fixed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-26224[*OCPBUGS-26224*])
```

Author: The above fix makes this unnecessary. Thanks!
